uh i'm gonna go over a little bit of a
tech demo and hopefully uh
show you guys why you should care about
your privacy um and
get people that might be new to the
decentralized web a little bit excited
about it
um excited about ipfs um
and hopefully excited about what we're
working on um so
vault 74 is a decentralized chat built
on top of ipfs
it uses textile as a middle layer to
interface with ipfs
and the goal of fault 74 is to build a
application where you can screen share
you can video chat file share and you
know host meetings do everything you
want to do with the normal um
application and hopefully abstract all
the crypto stuff behind the scenes so
you know people who aren't enthusiasts
can jump in and use it and
you know learn about why blockchain's
awesome afterwards
um so we've got uh servers to
communicate with large groups
you can send firm requests which right
now are smart contract
powered everything in the application is
built to be configurable so you can swap
out classes as long as you use the same
interface
you can we have here right now for
textile or database
protocol you can switch that out with
whatever you want the idea is to build
the app
as a springboard and then hopefully have
the community drive what the best
solutions are for the application
we have built in here let's see
embeds um so you could send links um
you can send you know your favorite
music playlists
um or your addresses to get paid um
whatever you want to do um you you know
it it it supports all the stuff you'd
expect an application again that's the
goal is to have everything
um kind of like you would see in slack
discord or anything else and just kind
of
um you know take away the tech side of
things and you know as exciting as the
decentralized web is
it needs to not be a pain point for
people to adopt it um so that's kind of
our
methodology up front um we also support
payments
um again this is a um that might mess up
my screen share a little bit but
um again this is something that can be
swapped out um for different uh crypto
payments and hopefully fiat in the
future but
that's not our focus right now um again
the use of ipfs
is implemented for file sharing um so
you can upload files um
you know uh let's see straight through
the the inline
uploader you know you get the links to
the files and everything like that
um you can also send them straight to
um your friends
sorry having issues with the the lovely
m1 mac
um let me get this uh refresh real quick
um you can share files in line with your
friends and stuff like that as well
um so if i go through and
let's see i can either copy paste the
files
um or i can upload them directly through
the um
the upload tool um right now we're just
uploading them straight through the ipfs
library we plan to also use textile
buckets in the future that way they're
automatically pinned
and we have better management of those
files per user
um and yeah uh i won't demo calling and
stuff like that i mean
it works but it's kind of awkward to
demo on a call
um you can configure everything um
shield your eyes you know business
people they like like themes so we have
like themes we have
a bunch of different themes based um uh
largely around the different uh
uh themes in my editor that i just kind
of took the colors from but
you know you can make it look like
whatever you want uh to look like um
we're actually um you know if you are
excited about it you can earn some
badges
kind of superficial but cool for the
future
to show how you contribute to the
project again everything's configurable
you can choose your own bit rate
everything's going through a
peer-to-peer network
which uh you have signatures before the
pure connection is established to ensure
you're talking to who you think you're
talking to
um and then you can stream it as high a
bit rate as webrtc allows
provided your connection can handle it
the application is 100
99 serverless we have a um peer-to-peer
signaling server right now but
um i have ideas to uh put that on ipfs
as well so
uh the end goal is to have the the
application be completely serverless you
can
load it on usb drive you can throw it
wherever you want
and you don't have to worry about anyone
in the middle snooping on your data or
your privacy
it's got a bunch of other stuff like
keybinds
we plan to support authentication via
hardware wallets
right now it's going through metamask
that's soon to be
abstracted as a secondary option and use
local accounts
as a default option they're all our
contracts are public
the entire code base is public so if you
guys do want to look at what we got
going on
um you can uh go on the github and you
know check out all the code you
really shouldn't trust anything you
can't see the code um so
uh yeah that's that's the bulk of it um
we are looking at uh some more solutions
everything is
right now mostly going through textile
we are looking at
different chains like matic and stuff
like that as options for different
protocols in the settings
but uh let's see what else could i demo
yeah i think that's that's um that's
pretty much the bulk of uh
of what we have going on with the
application um
there's a lot of planning ahead um for
content creators i come from a
background in content creation so
we're sort of targeting that space first
as well as the
the gaming space this is the community i
know well um
so a lot of the
streamers content creators are facing
dcma issues
issues with copyright holders flagging
their content whether for justified or
unjustified reasons so
servers will also have integrations to a
lot of social platforms so
let's say this event went live on ipfs's
uh server
it would automatically have a now live
channel pop-up where people can chat
and um and interface with the
presentation
show your support with crypto donations
or whatever you might want to do with
that
in addition with our spotify
integrations you know if you do want to
host music that maybe you don't own the
copyright too
spotify is a great listener long feature
so we can sync that up with the videos
as far as the files we're also looking
into redoing this editor to have
folders and more of a dropbox-like
solution
we also are looking into having desktop
sync so
any files you upload two folders on
vault you can add that as a synced
folder
and then share that folder with your
friends to also have them sync files so
good for business and um you know even
just
friends sharing you know maybe
thanksgiving videos where they aunt did
something crazy or whatever
um you can have those files synced
between uh users automatically
um and let's see yeah uh so
the tech stack right now um most of the
identities are ethereum smart contracts
um
looking into other options for that um
we're not sure
if we're gonna switch that out it really
depends on the near future with ethereum
and how quick it's gonna be
um and uh with that all the firm
requests and stuff
are also sent through those smart
contracts
um right now you just send an ethereum
address and it looks up on a registry to
see if that user exists
um we're also gonna have the traditional
username
pound some number identifier in a
registry to look up addresses in a
cleaner way
yeah super excited about ipfs to see
where it goes and hopefully uh
hopefully this brings a attainable um
i guess interface to the decentralized
web to a lot of people
um i think privacy is super important
and i think people are finally starting
to care especially with the
the recent whatsapp stuff and um just
our current uh
current world um and hopefully uh we
hope to make that easy for people
and uh do it in a way that is directly
used for them day to day
um so yeah that's that's basically it i
guess i can you know if there's any
questions or whatever
um i could take those or yeah